1. All responses must offer an answer to the legal question posed by the OP. We enforce this with bans.: Anecdotes are not permitted. Neither is advice that encourages someone to break the law.  Nor is "get a lawyer" a sufficient response.

There's a pinned post at the top of the subreddit specifically addressing this rule. We will absolutely ban you for commenting without answering the legal question.
2. Personally Identifying Information: Posts or submissions that ask for or contain information that could be used to identify either party are subject to immediate removal.
3. Advertising or Recommending a Lawyer or Business: We do not allow referrals to particular lawyers, law firms, or other businesses.
4. Do not request or send a PM: All discussions must stay on the subreddit for everyone's protection.
5. Include your location: You must include your location in the following format: location: yourlocationhere . It must be that exact format, and it must be in the body of your post.
6. Read our full list of rules: Read our full list of rules here: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/wiki/index#wiki_general_rules
7. This subreddit is for simple legal questions.: This subreddit is for simple legal questions. We can't help with preparing a defense, legal research, etc. We cannot review contracts, plan your defense, or give you specific advice on exactly how to present your case with the court. You need a local attorney for that. Additionally, we do not accept medical malpractice questions.
8. NO LLMS: No LLMs. No ChatGPT. Don't recommend it, don't use it to answer questions, and don't use it to compose your modmail when you get banned for using it. Using it to compose questions is generally ok. 

We will permanently and irrevocably ban you for this.
9. Mods can remove things we deem inappropriate or disruptive: Any post and any comment can be removed by the mods at any time if the mods decide the post/comment is or has the potential to be disruptive or is otherwise inappropriate.
10. Posts must be about a real scenario that you or someone you know is facing.: To expand on this, we additionally do not allow anyone but the immediately involved parties to ask custody related questions. Not friends, not significant others, not grandparents. Reddit is free.
11. Post must contain a legal question: A legal question is one that can be answered with the law, be it a law or ordinance, or caselaw.
12. US and Canada only: Laws are different everywhere. We can only help with legal problems in the US or Canada because we have no regular, reliable commenters from other countries.  For other countries, please search for an appropriate subreddit.